hello dear friend in
America Ruslan
and in this video I will show you the lessons
the way you
do a quick file search on your own
computer that is
earlier
via the Internet and on your computer
I use very often
special program which
allows you to find
necessary not being stored on
computer fast
because
if i use
standard search engine which
us so much
default
the results are very
look long since the program is very
running slowly and
I, as they say, does poorly with its
functions and therefore the process
search file needed
drags on for a long time
that's why i use
program from Yandex
there is such a special
program with which you can
find files
it is on your computer that is
Yandex search engine you know
using it given and looking for
files on the Internet
there is also a search engine of the Russian Federation
which are installed
computer and using it
we can not
find files
which we have on the computer
let's learn more now
so I have internet here
buzuk now connected to dakar
mosque
this connection is broken
so everything hooked up
now go to any convenient browser
I'm in the corner
choose an act and
write in the address bar
there is this here Dima and write about the address
before
who who
b
point Yandex erodina in any
case according to the video there will be a link to
this site to which we are now he
move on
here we are on this site
now we need to put
I put forward understand the conditions
license agreement
click the checkbox and here
on the program download button
now you want the truth
whether you save save save
and we are saving
I will not save it for an hour
conservation stream
I have already installed this program
downloaded earlier
and when you download it it will be you too
signed downloaded after you
download
running the installation file
the program is now releasing its
lot
how do we close it too
close
and here we prescribe the path where we want
install our program
i don't change anything to you either
change and click install
here goes maz installation
setting fast enough so he
you won't have to wait long here
at the end you have a question
put it
Yandex page powers if
wish you can tick what will happen
so if you remove it means it will not
I remove push ready
all programs have stopped
if you use
windows 7 operating system
he $ you will be in the lower right corner
here
such a letter
here it is
click here to search
percent the import frame is started if
you mind the success of the cut whistle then
you will again be in the lower right corner but
you have a slightly different socket
such an arrow where you can hide everything
that's how windows all
click married again
Letters I twice
and here is our search engine from Yandex that is all
files
systematized here
and the search is done by file and
here we are going to the directory on the right you see
documents music letters akaev files
when will you look for any
file if you have multiple files with
by one name
there will be files in the documents
documents music will be okay and so
further but now let's take an example
I'll show you how
you can use one
search engine
for example, I now have files on
computer
video file
in which is seen seen
fights between what poet is a famous fighter
and to find us
This Video
you just need to drive
or full title of this video
either partially
I lead them personal name
so this is our only
n no push the truth
and immediately we have a search result
appeared
search engines immediately found if we want
open ufa ul click here on
bottom line around
This link opens the file itself.
this link leads to the opening of a folder in
which kept it became ie if we
Now we start in the parking lot then
the century will open dad
where that one is stored if we start on
the second line then we will start the most
idiot prime
you see already
begins
launch
that's the way you can use
search engine
very simple as her
online version of bravo for just here
are you looking for everything on your computer
but all yes people completing myself will
Ruslan having seen in the next lesson